(b)

(c)

(d)

(e)

entered into an amended Participant Rehabilitation Agreement and
Participant Rehabilitation Plan, as determined by MPRP;

The Respondent shall fully and timely cooperate and comply with all
MPRP’s referrals, rules, and requirements, including, but not limited
to, the terms and conditions of the Participant Rehabilitation
Agreement(s) and Participant Rehabilitation Plan(s) entered with
MPRP, and shall fully participate and comply with all therapy,
treatment, evaluations, and screenings as directed by MPRP;

The Respondent shall sign and update the written release/consent
forms requested by the Board and MPRP, including release/consent
forms to authorize MPRP to make verbal and written disclosures to
the Board and to authorize the Board to disclose relevant information
from MPRP records and files in a public order. The Respondent shall
not withdraw her release/consent;

The Respondent shall also sign any written release/consent forms to
authorize MPRP to exchange with (i.e., disclose to and receive from)
outside entities (including all of the Respondent’s current therapists
and treatment providers) verbal and written information concerning
the Respondent and to ensure that MPRP is authorized to receive the
medical records of the Respondent, including, but not limited to,
mental health and drug or alcoho! evaluation and treatment records.
The Respondent shall not withdraw her release/consent; and

The Respondent’s failure to comply with any of the above terms or
conditions, including the terms or conditions of the Participant
Rehabilitation Agreement(s) or Participant Rehabilitation Plan(s)
constitutes a violation of this Order.

2. The Respondent shall not apply for early termination of probation or request

that this Order be amended or modified; and it is further

ORDERED that any request for amendments or modifications to this Order shall

not be considered; and it is further

ORDERED that a violation of probation constitutes a violation of this Order; and

it is further
